Add Devcontainer Feature and Automated Publishing Workflow (#45)
cvmfs-contrib/github-action-cvmfs: README.md

This GitHub Action installs the [CernVM-FS package](https://cernvm.cern.ch/fs/#download), and configures it with the  `CVMFS_CLIENT_PROFILE='single'` and `CVMFS_USE_CDN='yes'` to avoid any overhead on the CernVM-FS stratum 1 servers that you are accessing, this GitHub Action uses the [OpenHTC](https://openhtc.io) caching edge servers.

## Devcontainer Usage

This repository includes a pre-configured devcontainer for a consistent development environment. It uses the CVMFS devcontainer feature located in the `src/cvmfs` directory.

To use it, open this repository in a devcontainer-compatible editor like VS Code with the Dev Containers extension.

> You can add other functionalities to your devcontainer by including more features. A comprehensive list of contributed features can be found in the [devcontainer feature index](https://github.com/devcontainers/devcontainers.github.io/blob/gh-pages/_data/collection-index.yml).

Author: ```suggestion
You can add other functionalities to your devcontainer by including more features. A comprehensive list of contributed features can be found in the [devcontainer feature index](https://containers.dev/features).
```
